updating variables docs (#86)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/basics/blocks-styles.md

> You can write any CSS declaration or variable in the custom variable key.

> ### Variable as string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Variable as a string:
```

**Manifest:**
```json
{
	"attributes": {
		"typographySize": {
			"type": "string",
			"default": "120-default",
			"variable": "select"
		}
	},
	"options": {
		"typographySize": [
			{
				"label": "180 Display",
				"value": "180-default",
				"variable": "180px"
			},
			{
				"label": "120 Display",
				"value": "120-default",
				"variable": "0.12em"
			},
			{
				"label": "80 Display",
				"value": "80-default",
				"variable": "80%"
			}
		]
	}
}
```

**Output:**
```css
--typography-size: 0.12em;
```

> ### Variable as object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Variable as an object:
```

**Manifest:**
```json
{
	"attributes": {
		"typographySize": {
			"type": "string",
			"default": "80-default",
			"variable": "select"
		}
	},
	"options": {
		"typographySize": [
			{
				"label": "180 Display",
				"value": "180-default",
				"variable": "180px"
			},
			{
				"label": "120 Display",
				"value": "120-default",
				"variable": "0.12em"
			},
			{
				"label": "80 Display",
				"value": "80-default",
				"variable": {
					"font-size": "80px",

> 					"line-size": "1.5"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					"line-height": "1.5"
```

				}
			}
		]
	}
}
```

**Output:**
```css
--typography-size-font-size: 80px;

> --typography-size-line-size: 1.5;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--typography-size-line-height: 1.5;
```

If you want to show different variables on the frontend and inside the Block editor you can use add values to the `index` key in options. The third value represents the value if false and the fourth editor value if true. Fallback tree is same as in Complex variables.

## Custom variables

> If you need to set up many variables based on the single attribute value you can use variable key `custom`. This key will search in the `options` for the attribute key and output the CSS variables based on the attribute value. Each custom variable key must be an `object`. You will also get the original key in the output will as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to set up many variables based on a single attribute value you can use the `custom` key. This key will search through the `options` for the attribute key and output the CSS variables based on values. Each custom variable key must be an `object`. You will also get the original key in the output.
```

**Manifest:**
```json
{
	"attributes": {
		"typographyUse": {
			"type": "boolean",
			"default": true,
			"variable": "boolean"
		}
	},
	"options": {
		"typographyUse": [
			"none",
			"block"
		]
	}
}
```

**Output:**
```css
--typography-use: block;
```

## Custom variables

> If you need to set up many variables based on a single attribute value you can use the `custom` key. This key will search through the `options` for the attribute key and output the CSS variables based on values. Each custom variable key must be an `object`. You will also get the original key in the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a more complex setup with multiple variables for a single attribute value you can use the `custom` key. It will output the CSS variables based on values defined in the `options`. Each custom variable key must be an `object`. The original key is also output.
```
